Hello! I'm Annie Bédard.
I’ve lived in Mont-Saint-Pierre
for the past five years…
and this is my beach!
This beach is for everyone.
It adapts to you,
whoever you are.
In the summer, it’s full
of treasures.
I see it as my playground -
it’s my favourite place in the world!
Hello! I'm David.
Everyone here calls me
the damn Frenchman.
Come on down to Mont-Saint-Pierre!
In the summer, I love kayaking
and hiking because
I’m crazy about nature.
And at around 6:30 at night,
it’s the big rendez-vous: fishing!
We take out the fishing rods,
we go to the beach,
we try to catch some mackerel
or striped bass.
Sometimes you get nothing
and your neighbour
gets everything…
but you start over the next day!
On the beach, we fish!
There’s no need for a boat.
You can fish with both feet
on the sand.
You can kitesurf, kayak
and swim!
That’s what
this place is:
a whole world that can be adapted
to everyone’s needs!